source/includes/fact-platform-support.rst, before:

.. |checkmark| unicode:: U+2713

.. list-table::
  :header-rows: 1
  :class: compatibility
  :widths: 40 15 15 15 15

  * -
    - x86_64
    - ARM64
    - PPC64LE
    - s390x

  * - Amazon 2
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Amazon 2013.03+
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 10
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 9
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 8
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 8
    - |checkmark|
    -
    - |checkmark|
    -

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 7
    - |checkmark|
    -
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 6
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    - |checkmark|

  * - SUSE 15
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - SUSE 12
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    - |checkmark|

  * - Ubuntu 20.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -

  * - Ubuntu 18.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|

  * - Ubuntu 16.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|

  * - Ubuntu 14.04
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Windows 8 and later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Windows Server 2012 and later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - macOS 10.12 or later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

Commit message:

DOCS-14481 platform support remove s390x except rhel-latest

source/includes/fact-platform-support.rst, after:

.. |checkmark| unicode:: U+2713

.. note:: Platform Support EOL Notice

   .. list-table::
      :widths: 25 75
      :class: border-table

      * - s390x ('zseries') 
        - Support removed in MongoDB Database Tools ``104.0.0``.
          Previous versions of the Database Tools that support the s390x
          architecture can be downloaded from `Archived Releases
          <https://www.mongodb.com/download-center/database-tools/releases/archive>`__.

.. list-table::
  :header-rows: 1
  :class: compatibility
  :widths: 40 15 15 15 15

  * -
    - x86_64
    - ARM64
    - PPC64LE
    - s390x

  * - Amazon 2
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Amazon 2013.03+
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 10
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 9
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Debian 8
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 8
    - |checkmark|
    -
    - |checkmark|
    -

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 7
    - |checkmark|
    -
    - |checkmark|
    -

  * - :abbr:`RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux)` / CentOS 6
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - SUSE 15
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - SUSE 12
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Ubuntu 20.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -

  * - Ubuntu 18.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    -

  * - Ubuntu 16.04
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    - |checkmark|
    -

  * - Ubuntu 14.04
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Windows 8 and later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - Windows Server 2012 and later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -

  * - macOS 10.12 or later
    - |checkmark|
    -
    -
    -
